Check for nulls in state join condition (#18)
fivetran/dbt_apple_store: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_apple_store v0.3.2

[PR #18](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_apple_store/pull/18) includes the following updates:
## Bug Fix

> - Enhanced the `state` join condition in `apple_store__subscription_report`. The new condition will now check for null values correctly. This was causing wrong metrics if there was no state value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enhanced the `state` join condition in `apple_store__subscription_report`. The new condition will now check for null values correctly. Previously this was causing wrong metrics for countries that do not specify or require a state.
```
